Update ACS web calling documentation (#66917)
Azure/azure-content: articles/communication-services/concepts/voice-video-calling/calling-sdk-features.md

**Note that Safari versions 13.1+ are supported. Outgoing video for Safari macOS is not yet supported, but it is supported on iOS. Outgoing screen sharing is only supported on desktop iOS.

## Calling client - browser security model

### User WebRTC over https

> WebRTC APIs, such as `getUserMedia` requires that the app calling these APIs must be served over HTTPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebRTC APIs like `getUserMedia` require that the app calling these APIs is served over HTTPS.
```

> For purpose of local development, you can use `http://localhost`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For local development, you can use `http://localhost`.
```

> ### Embeding ACS Calling SDK within iframe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Embedding the Communication Services Calling SDK within an iframe
```

> [New `Permissions Policy` (also known as `Feature policy`)](https://www.w3.org/TR/permissions-policy-1/#iframe-allow-attribute) is being adopted in the industry by various browsers - it affects calling scenarios by controlling how applications can access camera and microphone through a cross origin iframe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[A new `permissions policy` (also known as `feature policy`)](https://www.w3.org/TR/permissions-policy-1/#iframe-allow-attribute) is being adopted by various browsers. This policy affects calling scenarios by controlling how applications can access a device's camera and microphone through a cross-origin iframe.
```

> If you want to use `iframe` to host part of the app from different domain, you need to add the `allow` attribute to your iframe with a correct value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use an `iframe` to host part of the app from different domain, you need to add the `allow` attribute to your iframe with a correct value.
```

> Example: allow both camera and microphone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, this iframe allows both camera and microphone access:
```
